Added marking add-ons as deprecated (#949)
replicatedhq/kurl.sh: src/markdown-pages/install-with-kurl/ipv6.md

weight: 26
linktitle: "IPv6"
title: "IPv6"
isDeprecated: true
---
## Deprecation Notice

### This feature is deprecated.

> kURL will not be moving forward with support of ipv6 in kURL starting March 23, 2023 and will be fully deprecated after June 31st 2023.  Existing installs that use this add-on will continue to be best-effort supported until the deprecation date.  This is due to the deprecation of the Antrea add-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kURL will not be moving forward with support of ipv6 starting March 23, 2023 and will be fully removed after June 31st 2023.  Existing installs that use this add-on will continue to be best-effort supported until the removal date.  This is due to the deprecation of the Antrea add-on.
```
